.\" $Id: backupfs-hist.man,v 1.5 2005/04/21 23:49:59 cvsremote Exp $
.\"
.\"   Copyright (c) 2005, Yoichi Hariguchi
.\"   All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\"   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
.\"   met:
.\"
.\"       o Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"         notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"       o Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
.\"         copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
.\"         disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
.\"         with the distribution.
.\"       o Neither the name of the Yoichi Hariguchi nor the names of its
.\"         contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
.\"         from this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\"   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
.\"   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
.\"   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
.\"   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
.\"   OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
.\"   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
.\"   LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\"   DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\"   THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\"   (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
.\"   OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"
.TH BACKUPFS-HIST 1
.SH NAME
backupfs\-hist \- show backup history
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B backupfs
[-n years] backup\-root\-dir path
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I backupfs\-hist
shows all versions of the named 
.I path,
looking backwards in time, stored under the
.I backup\-root\-dir
directory.

.SS Options
.TP
.B \-n years
Check for
.I years
year of backup history. Default is 2 years.

.SH EXAMPLES

Print a backup hitory of /etc/shadow whose backup root
directory is /backup/hosts/foo:

.PD 0
.RS 4
% backupfs-hist /backup/hosts/foo /etc/shadow
.P
/backup/hosts/pochi/2005/02/13/etc/shadow
.P
/backup/hosts/pochi/2004/10/20/etc/shadow
.P
/backup/hosts/pochi/2003/12/16/etc/shadow
.RE
.PD

.SH AUTHOR
.PD 0
Yoichi Hariguchi
.P
<\`echo hariguchi=users-sourceforge-net | tr \\\\075\\\\055 \\\\100\\\\056\`>
.PD

.SH SEE ALSO
backupfs(8),
http://cm.bell-labs.com/magic/man2html/1/history
