.\" $Id: changedfiles.man,v 1.5 2005/04/21 23:49:59 cvsremote Exp $
.\"
.\"   Copyright (c) 2005, Yoichi Hariguchi
.\"   All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\"   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
.\"   met:
.\"
.\"       o Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"         notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"       o Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
.\"         copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
.\"         disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
.\"         with the distribution.
.\"       o Neither the name of the Yoichi Hariguchi nor the names of its
.\"         contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
.\"         from this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\"   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
.\"   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
.\"   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
.\"   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
.\"   OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
.\"   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
.\"   LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\"   DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\"   THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\"   (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
.\"   OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"
.TH CHANGEDFILES 1
.SH NAME
changedfiles \- show files changed since the last backup before
today or before the speficied day
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B changedfiles
[-l] src-dir backup-root-dir [yyyy mm dd]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I changedfiles
lists files that were changed from the last backup before today
or from an arbitrary day if the date is specified as
parameters. The parameters must be yyyy mm dd, which are year
in four digists, month (1 - 12), and day (1 - 31.)

.SS Options
.TP
.B \-l
lists full path names of the last back up and the changed file
path stored in the backup directory.

.SH EXAMPLES

This shows all the files under /etc that were changed
yesterday (backup directory is /backup/hosts/foo):

.PD 0
.RS 4
% chanedfiles /etc /backup/hosts/foo
.RE
.PD

This applys
.I diff(1)
to all the files under /etc (whose backup directory is
/backup/hosts/foo) that were changed since the last backup
before Mar. 12, 2005:

.PD 0
.RS 4
% changedfiles -l /etc /backup/hosts/foo 2005 03 12 | \\
  sed "s@^@diff -c @" | sh
.RE
.PD

.SH AUTHOR
.PD 0
Yoichi Hariguchi
.P
<\`echo hariguchi=users-sourceforge-net | tr \\\\075\\\\055 \\\\100\\\\056\`>
.PD

.SH SEE ALSO
newfiles(1), backupfs(8),
http://cm.bell-labs.com/magic/man2html/1/history
