.\" $Id: newfiles.man,v 1.5 2005/04/21 23:49:59 cvsremote Exp $
.\"
.\"   Copyright (c) 2005, Yoichi Hariguchi
.\"   All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\"   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
.\"   met:
.\"
.\"       o Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"         notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"       o Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
.\"         copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
.\"         disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
.\"         with the distribution.
.\"       o Neither the name of the Yoichi Hariguchi nor the names of its
.\"         contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
.\"         from this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\"   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
.\"   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
.\"   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
.\"   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
.\"   OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
.\"   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
.\"   LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\"   DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\"   THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\"   (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
.\"   OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"
.TH NEWFILES 1
.SH NAME
newfiles \- show newly backed-up files today or on the speficied day
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B newfiles
[-l] src-dir backup-root-dir [yyyy mm dd]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I newfiles
lists files that were newly backed-up today or an arbitrary
day if the date is specified as parameters. The parameters must
be yyyy mm dd, which are year in four digists, month (1 - 12),
and day (1 - 31.)


.SS Options
.TP
.B \-l
lists full path names of the newly created files yesterday (or
today) or on the specified day stored in the backup directory.


.SH EXAMPLES

This shows all the newly created files under /etc yesterday (or
today) (i.e., newly backed-up today):

.PD 0
.RS 4
% newfiles /etc /backup/hosts/foo
.RE
.PD

This applys
.I ls(1)
to all the newly created files under /etc (whose backup
directory is /backup/hosts/foo) on Mar. 12, 2005:

.PD 0
.RS 4
% newfiles /etc /backup/hosts/foo 2005 03 12 | \\
  sed "s@^@ls -l /backup/hosts/foo/2005/03/12@" | sh
.RE
.PD

.SH AUTHOR
.PD 0
Yoichi Hariguchi
.P
<\`echo hariguchi=users-sourceforge-net | tr \\\\075\\\\055 \\\\100\\\\056\`>
.PD

.SH SEE ALSO
changedfiles(1), backupfs(8),
http://cm.bell-labs.com/magic/man2html/1/history
